Add note on 2HashDH equivalence (#300)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf: draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf.md

cryptanalytic studies to inform parameter choice and group instantiation (for example,
{{BG04}} and {{Cheon06}}).

### 2HashDH OPRF Equivalence {#equiv-2hashdh}

The non-verifiable 3HashSDHI POPRF construction in this specification is equivalent
to the non-verifiable 2HashDH OPRF from {{JKK14}} when the input `info` is fixed.
In particular, the 3HashSDHI POPRF computes the following given private key `k`,
private input `x`, and public input `t`, where H1, H2, and H3 are GG.HashToGroup,
GG.HashToScalar, and Hash, respectively:

~~~
H3(x, H1(x)^(1 / (k + H2(t))))
~~~

Similarly, the 2HashDH OPRF computes the following given private key `k'` and
private input `x`:

~~~
H3(x, H1(x)^k')
~~~

Given a fixed public input `t`, one can transform a 3HashSDHI private key `k`
into an equivalent 2HashDH private key `k'` as follows:

~~~
k' = 1 / (k + H2(t))
~~~

This transformation is undefined for values of `k` and `t` such that

> `k + H2(t) = 0`. For all other values, the distribution of `k'` through
> this transformation is statistically close to the distribution of a
> randomly sampled `k'` as output from `GG.GenerateKeyPair`.

Author: ```suggestion
`k + H2(t) = 0`. Because only a single choice of `k` leads to this 
undefined case, the distribution of `k'` defined via this transformation
is statistically close to the distribution of a randomly sampled `k'`
as output from `GG.GenerateKeyPair`.
```

H3(x, H1(x)^k')
~~~

Given a fixed public input `t`, one can transform a 3HashSDHI private key `k`
into an equivalent 2HashDH private key `k'` as follows:

~~~
k' = 1 / (k + H2(t))
~~~

This transformation is undefined for values of `k` and `t` such that

> `k + H2(t) = 0`. For all other values, the distribution of `k'` through

Reviewer: I think it'd be slightly more precise to say: "Because only a single choice of k leads to this undefined case, the distribution of `k'' defined via this transformation is statistically close to to the distribution of a randomly sampled `k'` as output from `GG.GenerateKeyPair`.
